hey wait a minute ace in 1464 and
hopefully this video is not too dark I
got the lights on here but seems a
little dark on my phone I have a new
phone so I'm trying to get used to this
and this may be one of the first videos
uploaded from the new phone so what I
have here is a prop replica of the
Halloween Rob Zombie - bowie knife has
done by beyond disgusting studios crazy
dog 500 here on YouTube I'm not sure
what they can actually consider the
material I'm not very good on on that
kind of thing
but you see it has definitely got a
shine to it here and it's a little bit
flexible here let's keep it in shape
it's not too floppy I definitely can get
this into conventions because it is a
prop safe replica the handle is not wood
it's all one piece whatever materials
that he uses I can't remember the name
of the material right offhand but here's
it in the hand okay then I guess a
little flop to it but hey that's what
gets you in the convention with
something like this and it looks great a
little bit of shine to it there I'm
gonna try to go over to the better
lighting and see if that helps a little
bit see if this works
we get the measurements out here sons
watching The Three Stooges in the
background so the blade itself from the
hilt to the tip is just over 13 inches
and the handle here is about 5 and 3/4
maybe I remember my measurements well
from high school and this is a prop
replica of the Rob Zombie Michael Myers
Halloween - bowie knife and there you
have it I'll put a link to beyond
disgusting uh website and